m
yes thank you for allowing me to do it again
Look at it, I'm amazing
athletic and sometimes I still try
to be a bit sportier than
otherwise
when I'm not three weeks apart
I got one in the gym
automatically generated male in the
about the following stand-alone him yes
your studio team has just asked
why you have not been there for so long
Training were lacking the motivation
are you currently not so good
or are there any other reasons no matter what
is
please contact me I thought briefly
a very long amount back to
I write about it in detail
all dates in the last three weeks
Report my private problems
spread and excuse me
I am the next day instead
just gone back to the studio
i hate my bad sport
is one of the things I milk
eat rice and go to funerals
dear ones always make sad
again in this unfortunate place
the fitness studio is located directly
next to my office is also the only one
Reason why I signed in there
I then no more talk got it
right next door
I force my time with something
I just hate that because I hate it
I think I have to do that because it's healthy
should be
of it times from what I do there
not healthy every two weeks over
look on the crosstrainer and jerk
then go to the muscle building circle
not healthy I start all
two weeks of forums in my muscles
build
in between, I have muscle ache and
my connection builds up
sparse muscles off as me
initially really regular against
comprised of one my upper arm and the
Tense him so much that my head
He almost burst out looking at me questioningly
and said yes now exciting
since then I had him and my upper arm
and whenever I am in this circle
sit and my biceps triceps awesome
I have to train one's muscles
screen staring at the studio
For example, team tips are 70 of the
Training success depends on the
from aha I think and meditate
About the pasta I follow me
a whistle will mean with nutrition
the studio but the egg white drinks
that's what the actual diet is
drinks that look like milk shakes
but not half as good taste
it's so awful that I'm the same
get more hunger on good days
I still visit after the muscle building
one of these courses they have times
so crazy names core workouts of fat
Burner and bbp 2 are in reality
all synonyms for sweat
Now you have to say I am one
difficult patient after knee-op and
various problems of the kneecap
Water in the knee and wrong handling is
extremely unfavorable if your hops do not care
which form I have with it
a good excuse for the right one
make strenuous courses instead
I pilates
Pilates is also synonymous with breathing
the most important thing is pilates
that one thinks about his power
then your powerhouse calls the trainer
about every five seconds thinks then yours
powerhouse will tense up that
Powerhouse is the belly my stomach has
very little to do with a power house
rather with a relaxation center or
a specialty store for particularly soft
mattresses
Of course, I still try anyway
Of course I try the powerhouse
I can think so too
fully utilized all others in the course
make a thousand others in parallel
things their legs in the height heave a
ball in between pinching breathing I think
only to bauhaus the breathing technique is at
pilates super important at certain
you have to inhale and to others
again exhale with it the stupidest
Heads in the course that makes it happen
trainer inhale that very loudly and
exhale again
there are people who do the same
after breathing as well as every 30 felt
Participants with
I do not want that someone for
It does not take me alone to breathe
at least and if I'm alone
You can do sports because I want that too
do it alone
they are annoying me
shortest time and then I can at
Do not think anymore except breathe and mouth
probably not to hus or tense
let alone the fact that where just
other which leg of mine are
should support that
But the worst thing about this course is
not the participants either
Coach no, the worst of all
the glass windows in short distances
People come to these glass windows
or go past them and look
pure as in the zoo on the info for it
could stand here you look desperate
People breathing while trying fitter
please do not feed and if
only with protein shakes
whenever whenever someone looks
I feel pressured
I give myself then for five seconds
special effortless hardly looks the human
do not break anymore together still knows
not if that really is the meaning of
Pilates is the most beautiful thing about sports
After a shower, take a shower
Good conscience that you should say
but again, if you're in the spring
it will do so on the long hike
as if it were the most natural of the world for
to go to sports regularly
of course I do sport regularly
Body needs it as you do it
not there you have to know yourself
So I'm at least twice that
week there is really good for
my joints and three weeks later
I will get a mail again
thank you so much we even hold us
not for long but you leave that
kill